You might want to watch Lorraine Day Part One
before digging into this one.
In part one, she tells her story of how,
as an orthopedic surgeon and chief of the trauma department
of a high-profile San Francisco hospital,
she chose to forgo traditional medical treatment
when faced with a life-threatening cancer.
She discovered the true basis for healing
and then lived to tell the story.
In part two, Lorraine stirs a lot of pots
and shares information that you have likely
never heard before concerning cancer,
AIDS, bird flu, sudden infant death syndrome,
vaccines and the link between abortion and breast cancer.
Now let's dig into the cancer industry,
AIDS, bird flu and beyond.
Because this is really, this is serious stuff
people need to know about.
That's right.
Let's start with cancer.
The medical industry, in general,
is really developed for control
and for financial gain.
It has no other reason for existing.
As I've said before, you do need a doctor
if you've been run over by a truck.
But you don't need a doctor to keep you healthy.
You don't need a doctor from chronic disease.
Most people die from chronic disease
and people say, "Well, if you don't get disease,
"how do you die?"
Well, we're not supposed to get disease
and be all crippled up and be in pain and die that way.
We're supposed to live until we die.
And there are some people who live right
and eat right.
I had this acquaintance who was 94 years old,
a man who swam 50 laps everyday.
And when he was 94,
he swam his 50 laps one day
and he came over to the side of the pool
and he said to his friends,
"I'm not feeling so well, can you help me out?"
By the time they got him out, he was dead.
Now that's the way to die.
You see, you live and you're healthy
and you're feeling good
until the moment you die.
This business of getting old and crotchety
and sick and in pain.
In fact, when my mother was living
in an assisted care center when she was in her late 80s
where they would make the food for them
but they had their own apartments,
she was the only one out of 150 people
who was not on drugs.
And she, they couldn't believe it.
They would get all of their pills out, you know,
12 or 14 pills.
The pharmaceutical industry is a multi-billion-,
if not multi-trillion-dollar industry in America
and around the world.
People are on drugs
in almost every stage of their lives.
And there is a sinister plan at the very top
to get everybody on drugs.
Because when people are on drugs,
first of all, all of them are mind-altering.
Even if they're made for your stomach,
they alter your mind and your ability to think
and your ability to understand truth.
And so when you are on mind-altering drugs,
it's not much different than if you're on street drugs.
And so all of them have so many side effects that
people worry about their children being on street drugs
but the reason children are on drugs
is because their parents are on drugs.
The parents just pay more for them
and go to a doctor's office where the doctor
wears a white coat and has clean fingernails.
But they do the same sorts of things.
And it's an escape from reality.
All that drugs do is,
they cover up the symptoms of illness.
As I said before, disease starts in the heart
and in the mind,
and you have to address it there.
You have to start being willing
to give up the way you want to live
and live the right way.
And if you take drugs
you still have the problem,
you're just covering it up
and making yourself feel better.
You're never addressing the underlying problem.
It's like having the wires cut
to the flashing light on your dashboard
tellilng you there's a problem.
You cut the wires, the problem is still there,
it just doesn't bother you as much
'cause you don't have the flashing red light.
So when you take a drug,
it never solves the problem.
People know that if they would just think about it.
If you go to the doctor and the doctor says,
"You have high blood pressure
"and you're gong to have to be on these pills
"the rest of your life."
Well then you know it doesn't cure it.
People are told when they have anxiety or depression,
that they'll take Prozac and that will
right the problem of the seratonin in their brain.
No it doesn't.
And it causes all sorts of other terrible problems.
And so drugs never cure disease.
In fact I have a video named that,
"Drugs Never Cure Disease," because they don't.
They only cover up the symptoms,
So we have this whole huge industry
that's making billions of dollars
by making people sicker while they feel better
getting there.
You have to address the underlying cause of the problem,
which is how you're eating,
how you're living, how you're thinking,
how you're worrying or not worrying.
And until you address those problems
you're going to continue,
the disease will continue to get worse
while you take more and more drugs
to cover up the symptoms.
So people start out doing that
by just taking a pill for a headache,
a pill for joint pains,
a pill for stomach upset.
And so they never address what's causing those things.
Headaches are not normal.
People assume they're normal.
If you have a headache it's because you're under
too much tension or stress
or you're not drinking enough water
or--
Toxicities.
Toxicities, whatever.
You have to address that problem.
Otherwise you just keep covering it up.
When you cover up enough problems with enough pills,
one day you'll go to your doctor
and he'll say you have cancer
or Parkinson's or something
and you'll say, "Doctor, how did this happen?"
They say, "We don't know.
"These things just happen," but they don't.
The person has done it to himself or herself
over a long period of time by ignoring the symptoms
and covering them up with drugs.
So we've got this huge industry.
If you look, our economy is largely run
on the benefits of disease.
We have medical schools,
it costs a lot of money to go there.
We have nursing schools,
we have hospitals, we have drugs,
we have all the surgical equipment,
we have the walks for AIDS,
walks for cancer, breast cancer,
we have all of these fundraising things.
The rich and famous and even
the not-so-rich and not-so-famous
have fundraisers for disease.
Disease is great, you know?
We can have a fundraiser for Parkinson's.
Michael J. Fox has a whole foundation
and all these doctors are making a lot of money
with this research money and they're collecting money.
They are never going to find a cure for Parkinson's
because they are going the wrong direction.
They are looking for it in the genes or anything else.
I actually saw Michael J. Fox being interviewed,
where he actually had, in his hand,
a can of diet soda,
which is one of the things that causes Parkinson's.
And he could hardly hold it in his hand
as he drinks it, and he doesn't realize
that that is contributing to his Parkinson's.
So these are the kinds of things
where people are just so ignorant.
I don't care how much money they have.
They are ignorant.
And the doctors are not advising them
what to do because the doctors
don't know themselves.
The doctors are drinking the stuff.
So this is an industry.
Pharmaceutical companies give much of the funding
for research at hospitals and medical centers
and medical schools.
And so, therefore, they have a big say
in what is taught to medical students.
And medical students are taught drugs and surgery.
And that's it.
They are not taught how to get people well
by natural methods.
Now some alternative methods
are creeping into the medical schools,
but they're not the things that I have
talked about previously.
They are crystals and hypnosis.
Well there's no disease caused by a lack of hypnosis.
There just isn't any disease caused by that.
There's no disease caused by
a lack of acupuncture.
Disease is caused by the way we eat
and the way we live.
And so acupuncture seems to help
some people short-term,
but that is not the answer to disease.
If you are going to take your car to a mechanic,
you would never leave your car with a mechanic
who says, "I'm never gonna find out what's wrong,
"but I will fix it anyway by taking out the part."
All right, you wouldn't do that.
And yet doctors admit that they don't know
what's wrong with you.
They really don't know.
They can give it a name,
but if you look in medical textbooks,
or which I have many here,
you will see there is no place for etiology anymore.
Etiology means the cause
of this particular disease.
Doctors admit that they don't know the cause is
of over 90% of diseases.
And yet they tell you they'll treat you for it.
Well, how can they treat you for it
if they don't know what causes it?
They only cover up the symptoms,
which eventually causes more problems.
So it is a huge industry.
The American Cancer Society,
in their original charter, it says
that they must disband the day
a cancer cure is found.
Well--
There's motivation
not to find it.
That's correct, that's correct.
The cures for cancer are well-known.
I just told you the cure for cancer.
We've gotta stop doing the things
that cause cancer and those things are known.
And when you say this,
you're obviously attacked.
You have been attacked on numerous occasions
by the medical industry and
their organizations.
Oh of course.
Because there are more people who make their living
off of the cancer industry
than people who have cancer.
Okay? So there is no motivation
to stop cancer.
Besides that, I'm not saying
that all of these people are evil and sinister.
Your doctor is not trying to keep you sick, necessarily.
Your doctor doesn't know hot to get you well
because he or she was never taught.
I was never taught.
The only way I learned was studying on my own
and searching the literature on my own.
When I realized, as a doctor,
that doctors don't have the answer
and that I was going to have to
find it out a different way.
And I learned how to get well
and I was not healed miraculously.
I didn't just stand there and pray to God
and then suddenly, or get in a prayer line.
and get hit on the head, I don't believe in that.
I believe miracles can happen.
But if I just told you to sit around
and wait for a miracle, what would that do?
There is a way for everybody to get well
from every disease.
And so, if they just do it.
But people have become so weak
and this whole industry,
even the department stores and others
are making people weak in the following ways.
You can buy a dress in a store
and go and wear it a few times
and then go take it back and say you don't like it.
And frequently stores will give you your money back.
Well that's making a weak individual
because that person will not take responsibility
for his or her actions.
And so people are always saying,
"Well I wanna try it and then
"if I'll send it back if I don't like it."
There's no integrity there.
And people have to be willing
to take responsibility for their own actions.
And if you don't take responsibility,
you're not going to get well.
So the American Cancer Society,
65% of the money they collect
goes to pay executive salaries
and the help and things like that.
Only 5% actually goes for
funding for patient care.
And there has never been
any major advance in cancer
by studies funded by the American Cancer Society.
Ever.
And again, all they're looking for is drugs.
And they're now looking in the genes.
They say cancer is genetic.
Well if cancer were genetic then our grandmothers,
let's just say breast cancer.
Our grandmothers would have as much or more
cancer of the breast than we do.
If it's genetic.
Because then it has to come from somewhere.
But you will see that they did not
have breast cancer.
And so it is not in the genes.
Bruce Lipton says this a lot in his work.
All you have to do is look at the women in Japan
who are 70 years old
and who eat mainly rice and vegetables
and a small amount of fish or animal products.
And they have a very low incidence of breast cancer.
You bring them to America, those same women,
you bring them to America,
give them a rich Western diet
and the rapid-pace lifestyle
and they will have the same incidence
of breast cancer that American women do.
It shows you clearly that it is not genetic.
There are very few genetic diseases.
There are a few, but there are very few.
And most of it is by the way we eat
and the way we live.
And that is what causes cancer.
Our ancestors had a very low incidence of cancer
compared to us.
So then how could it be passed down in the genes?
It's passed down in families,
but not in the genes.
It's because grandmother teaches mother
how to eat, live and handle stress,
and mother teaches daughter.
And if you keep doing that,
if you have a family history of cancer
and you keep eating and living
the way your family eats and lives,
you'll get cancer too.
Or some other disease.
All you have to do to avoid that
is change the way you're eating and living
from the way your ancestors,
your mother or your grandmother,
eats and lives.
So you don't have to worry about it.
It's great peace of mind to realize
there is an answer.
You don't have to go to the white coats.
So I talked about we have all these
walks for cancer, Parkinson's,
everything--
And it's stylish
to wear pink ribbons.
Oh, right, it's stylish.
And whenever I go through the grocery store line
and they say, "Wouldn't you like to contribute
"to this?" it gives me a wonderful time
to share this with someone.
I say, "The cure for cancer is known."
And then I show them my card
with all the information on it
and the tumor and all that.
And I say, "The cure for cancer is known.
"But, you see, the cure is free.
"The cure is free, it doesn't make any money."
I had some of my medical colleague friends
from San Francisco tell me one time,
"Look, I wanna help you out.
"This will never fly if doctors
"can't make money on it."
Well we don't need to go to doctors for these,
for chronic diseases.
We can be healthy because
there are not even methods of prevention in medicine.
They talk about, "We'll prevent you from cancer.
"Get a PAP smear,
"get a mammogram."
Well mammograms cause cancer
because mammograms are radiation.
Every time you get a mammogram
you increase your risk of breast cancer by 2%.
So if a woman who's post-menopausal
is told by her doctor she needs a mammogram
maybe every six months,
she has increased her risk of getting cancer
by 20% over 10 years.
The exact disease she doesn't want to get.
This is not prevention, mammograms are not prevention.
They actually contribute to cancer.
PAP smears don't prevent cancer.
They tell you when you have it.
So then the doctor can give you chemo,
radiation or cut something out.
It doesn't work.
Other kinds of supposedly prevention,
they're not prevention.
They only tell you when you have the disease.
The things that I'm talking about
are real prevention.
Change the way you eat.
Start exercising.
A woman can reduce her risk of breast cancer
by 66% by one thing that's totally free.
And that's four hours of exercise per week.
Four hours, that's one hour four days a week.
She can reduce her risk of breast cancer
by 66% and it's totally free.
And does that include something as simple
as going out for a brisk walk for an hour?
That's right, a walk.
A walk.
You don't have to do anything more
than a brisk walk for an hour
and that will reduce your risk of breast cancer
by 66%.
The medical profession never popularized
that piece of information.
Doctors, most doctors, don't even know it.
Do you know who popularized that?
They were right, but it's only 'cause
they could make money off of it.
Nike shoes, you see.
You just follow the money.
Always follow the money.
When you follow the money you can see
how all of these things are just
promoted by greed.
Speaking of which,
let's move onto AIDS.
AIDS, I got very involved with the AIDS epidemic
because, as a trauma surgeon in San Francisco,
I was chief of the department
at San Francisco General Hospital.
And I recognized in 1981
that there was a problem.
However, the Centers for Disease Control,
one of the main governmental health bodies
in this country,
kept telling me that I was
worrying unnecessarily because AIDS
could not be transmitted from human to human.
That's what they said in 1981.
So those who want to make science into their God
will realize that science is constantly changing.
But by about--
But doesn't that depend
on who's paying for the studies and research, of course.
Oh, that's right, that's right.
As well as politics and being politically correct.
By about 1985 or so,
they realized that AIDS was being
transferred in drug addicts and it could
be transmitted through needles.
I then talked to the Centers for Disease Control
and our public health department.
I said, "We in the operating room
"get stuck with needles all the time.
"It's not because we're clumsy,
"but we get stuck with sharp shards of bone
"from people who've been shot and run over
"and this bone is all covered with blood
"and it goes right through our gloves
"because we have to wear very thin gloves
"in order to feel what we're doing.
"Latex gloves."
"Oh," they said, "Drug addicts can get AIDS
"from needle sticks,
"but health care workers can't."
Hello?
Yes.
And I said, "Could you explain that to me?"
And they said, "Well, drug addicts
"use hollow-bore needles because they're injecting.
"And doctors in the operating room
"use solid-core-bore neeedles
"because they're suture needles."
I said, "Well you guys, you fellas
"who are in the infectious disease department,
"you're sitting in your offices in your white shirts
"and ties and you never get any blood on you.
"We get blood on us and we use
"hollow-bore needles as well as solid."
And I said, "Why can't you get it
"from a solid-bore needle?"
And they said, "Because there's not enough
"AIDS virus on the needle to give you AIDS."
And I said, "Then how you,
"Obviously then you know how many AIDS viruses
"it takes to give you AIDS.
"How many does it take?"
And they said, "We don't know."
"So you're lying to me.
"You're lying to me, you don't know.
"You say there's not enough there,
"but you don't know how much it takes
"to give a person AIDS."
So I found out, when I started speaking out about AIDS,
because they had been telling me these lies
for a long time, til October 2, 1987,
when they finally admitted publicly,
in the United States,
that a nurse had gotten AIDS from a single needle stick.
And it was a nurse at my hospital.
So I was on the war path.
And I said, "You know, it doesn't take
"much common sense to realize that
"if drug addicts can get it,
"health care workers can too."
But I didn't realize at that time
that it was so political.
And it was because of the very strong
homosexual lobby that was influencing
the drug companies, who were
influencing the research funding and all that.
And this was to be a politically correct thing.
I was promoted on the idea that AIDS should be handled
as any other sexually transmitted disease
or any other contagious disease.
They refused to do that because of the strength
of the homosexual lobby.
All I was asking for was for people to be tested
as health care workers should be tested,
and patients should be tested.
So there would be some trust
and some ability to
use protected measures not to get the disease.
But through this,
when I started investigating it,
I found out that AIDS is a man-made virus.
It was meant for population control.
It was put in certain vaccinations
that were given to people in Africa,
as well as to the homosexual population
because then, of course,
with their numerous sexual partners
it would spread very rapidly.
And AIDS can be used to
wipe out the population in Africa.
So groups that want to go in there,
very high-level groups that want to go in there
and take all the natural resources of the country
can do so.
So AIDS was a manufactured virus.
Can you talk about that a little bit?
AIDS was a manufactured virus.
Probably made in Fort Detrick, Maryland,
which is our biological warfare headquarters.
In the military.
And it probably was done by genetic engineering
with half of the sheep maedi-visna virus
and bovine leukemia virus.
And you can put them together.
Any technician that knows how to do this can do it.
And then you grow it in human cell culture
to make humans susceptible to it,
and there you've got your AIDS virus.
It wasn't a monkey biting virus?
No, it had nothing to do with monkeys.
The way that monkeys were found
with it in Africa.
First of all, monkeys generally don't live in the city.
They live in the country,
but AIDS started in the cities in Africa,
so you can tell that,
how that happened.
And then monkeys were actually used
for experiments.
And then they were released back
into the wild in Africa, where they were
already given the AIDS virus.
And so then it was wonderful.
They could come up with this monkey with AIDS.
You'll notice that when any of these diseases come along,
like we had the swine flu, which was a total hoax.
And they made a vaccination for the swine flu
in the early 70s or 80s.
And over 800 people,
there were a number of people who
died from the vaccine.
And it was a total hoax, there was no such disease.
But it was a plan for the pharmaceutical companies
to make a vaccine, scare everybody into taking it,
but over 800 people developed Guillain-Barré syndrome,
which is a paralysis that can actually go
high enough in your body to stop you from breathing
and you die.
So this was a total hoax.
And presently we have another total hoax,
which is the bird flu.
If you go on my website,
I have another website called
goodnewsaboutgod.com.
And if you click on table of topics
you will see a whole article about bird flu,
where I show, from the Centers for Disease Control
and the World Health Organization,
that it is impossible to detect bird flu
from regular flu.
The symptoms are so non-specific.
It's like a cough and a fever of 100.4.
Well you can get that on a hot day.
When I was an intern at San Francisco General Hospital,
we all hated hot days in San Francisco
'cause it's usually cool.
Because then every patient would
develop a mild fever.
We'd have to go do a fever workup,
draw blood, look up this.
We knew it was just the hot day, you see.
Because there's not of air conditioning
in San Francisco.
That's right.
And so a temperature of 100.4
is virtually no temperature at all.
And so when they start talking about these things
and they say this is a disease.
Bird flu is nothing but SARS with wings.
SARS was a hoax.
It again has these non-specific symptoms.
But what do they gain by manufacturing this terror?
They gain control.
Because they could quarantine
whole cities with SARS.
They can quarantine airplane loads of passengers.
They can make vaccines for them
and demand that everyone take it,
which is absolutely--
It's frightening.
It frightens everybody, plus they put
things in vaccines, in vaccinations
there are preservatives like formaldehyde.
It's grown in either animal or human cells,
all of which have contaminants in them.
And so vaccinations are very damaging to individuals.
We can talk more about that later.
But they are an absolute financial boon
to the pharmaceutical companies.
And here you manufacture a disease
or you manufacture just the
propoganda that there is a disease.
And then you demand that everybody
take this vaccine
and then you get the government to pay for it,
which comes out of the taxpayer's pocket.
And so you can make billions on these.
Plus it causes a lot of damage
to the immune system
of the human beings who get it
and then you've got more business
for the medical industry.
Now I want to just bring something up
I had read in one of your articles.
That you had actually called, as a doctor,
to find out from, was it the Centers for Disease Control?
Centers for Disease Control.
What the symptoms were.
How the symptoms differed to a regular flu.
And what did you find?
That's right.
And I talked to a doctor in the bird flu division.
And he agreed with me that,
on the symptoms, you cannot tell the difference.
And so I said, "Well then, the president
"is talking about bringing out the miliary
"and quarantining people."
And he said to me, "That's all political.
"It has nothing to do with us."
But then, on top of that,
Dr. Julie Gerberding, who is now head
of the Centers for Disease Control,
has said, "Oh now, this is not a hoax.
"This is really a problem and we've got
"to have vaccines and all that."
Well, I guess I can say right here,
and I'll say it publicly.
I know Julie Gerberding from way back.
Julie Gerberding was at San Francisco
General Hospital when I was.
She was in the infectious disease department.
I was in the orthopedic department.
When I started speaking out about AIDS,
the infectious disease department that was
run by the medical department,
all those people were told not to talk to me anymore
because I was willing to say publicly
what the truth was.
So they were ordered not to talk to me and tell me
anything that was going on in their department.
The first television show I was ever on about AIDS
was a local television show in San Francisco.
Julie and I were on there together.
At that point,
everybody in medicine, including
Centers for Disease Control,
believed that AIDS was 100% fatal.
I said that on television.
Julie said that's not true.
You said what on television?
I said AIDS was 100% fatal.
That was the knowledge that we had a that time
and it was true.
Everybody died.
And Julie refuted that, she said that's not true.
And I said to her, "How could you say such a thing?
"How could you say," after the show.
I waited for her and I said, "Julie,
"you know that, we all know that
"this is 100% fatal."
She said, "I know.
"But we have to worry about the psyche
"of the AIDS patient."
I said, "You would lie
"to the rest of the world for that?"
And she said yes and turned and walked away.
So she was willing not to tell the truth
about what we understood about that disease
at that time.
What I realized later was
the homosexual community would pick at
the pharmaceutical companies if they gave
funding to anybody who was for routine testing
and anything like that.
So she was being politically correct,
apparently, so they could get more funding.
Now she is now the head of
the Centers for Disease Control.
So she has been willing, in the past,
to pervert the truth, misrepresent it.
And now I have no reason to believe
that she would not still do the same thing.
So this is the kind of thing that,
(mumbles)
so this is the kind of thing that we see where
major governmental organizations are willing
to cover up the truth for political gain.
And also for financial gain.
There is almost an open door
between the
Centers for Disease Control
and the pharmaceutical companies
and the vaccination industry and all that.
So going back to the subject of,
let's hop back to
AIDS also, bird flu
and mandatory vaccinations.
Vaccinations, I've read some of Len Horowitz's work.
He's done some really good work.
This is really becoming a very frightening subject.
That's right.
Mandatory vaccinations
will cause such a deterioration
in illness and destruction of the human race
more rapidly than we're destroying ourselves
by the way we're eating and living,
that there will be eventually nothing left
if we keep on this tact.
Before vaccinations there was virtually no Autism
and no sudden infant death syndrome.
The main cause of sudden infant death syndrome
is vaccinations.
That has been established
beyond a shadow of a doubt.
A woman doctor named Viera Scheibner
hooked a lot of babies up to various sensors
for their blood pressure and
their heart rate and their breathing rate.
And she monitored these babies
before they got a vaccination.
And all of these vital signs were stable.
And she has them all graphed according,
right off the screen from the sensors
that were attached to them.
When they had their vaccinations,
for a full three weeks after they had their vaccinations,
all of these electrodes were off all over the place.
The breathing and many of them would stop breathing
but they had them hooked up to sensors
so they would be on an alarm system
while they were doing this experiment.
But they would stop breathing,
they would have very slow breathing,
they would have, their temperatures would go sky-high
where the child could have damage done to their brain
from the high fever
and cause seizures and various things like that.
Cause learning disabilities by causing
damage to the brain.
And so it has been,
if a doctor does not see a patient die
within an hour from the time they give the vaccination,
they'll say, "Oh, it has no correlation with it."
But you see, if the child has had
even this high fever caused by the vaccinations
and all the contaminants in it,
they may not show the symptoms of learning disabilities
not for many years later until they go to school
or various things like that.
So it is, and these Autistic children,
Autism was not known before
the introduction of vaccinations.
Vaccinations do not work.
They don't work at all.
They don't work--
But the medical
community would say, "But what about smallpox, for example?"
Right.
There is an excellent book that I would
recommend to everyone to read.
I don't carry it, just go and get it on the internet.
It's called
"Vaccinations: Are They Really Safe and Effective?"
And it's written by a man named Neil Miller.
N-E-I-L Miller.
He is a lay person, but he documents
everything from the medical literature
and the forward to his book is written by an M.D.
It is an excellent book.
It is not very big.
It graphs all of the contagious diseases
before the introduction of vaccines.
And after.
And shows there was no change.
By the time, let's just take poliio.
By the time the introduction,
there were two polio vaccines.
There was the Saulk and the Sabin vaccine.
By the time they were introduced,
the incidence of polio had already dropped
by at least 85% because of improved sanitation
and improved nutrition and things like that.
And so when it was introduced,
this vaccine was introduced,
the slope of the curve did not change at all,
which means it had no effect.
The slope curve was already coming down.
It was already coming down
and it just continued the same slope.
So it had no effect as far as decreasing the incidence.
But after the polio vaccine was given,
80% to 100% of all polio cases
were caused by the vaccine.
Because in order for you to
supposedly develop immunity to the vaccine,
you've got to have live virus in the vaccine.
Well that gives you the disease.
But they didn't want people to catch onto this.
So they renamed the disease of Polio
after they gave them the vaccine.
And they called it Aseptic Meningitis.
That was Polio but they gave it a different name
so people didn't know that people
were still getting Polio even after they'd been vaccinated.
So vaccinations cause the disease.
Plus they have mercury,
which can cause Autism,
and is a preservative.
Mercury causes Autism, learning disabilities
and various other things.
Plus, as I say, they are grown in human cells
or animal cells.
Human cell cancer line, the line they're grown in,
is cancer cells.
And so you're having cancer cells
injected into your body.
because any cell line, human cell line,
that is an old cell line
will always become a carcinogenic cell line.
So when you have vaccines injected into
your body or your children's body,
you are having a whole bundle of toxins put in there.
One other thing that's very important
is the Centers for Disease Control is now making
what they call super vaccines.
Where they have six or seven vaccines in one vaccine
that they can give you in one shot.
Well, let me tell you how damaging that is.
The Centers for Disease Control knows about this
because they did studies
where they took a group of animals
and they gave the animals one, injected
into it, one bacteria that's supposed to be
non-pathogenic, right.
That means it doesn't cause disease
in that animal line.
And many of those bacterian and animal viruses
are contaminants in these cell lines
in which the vaccinations are cultured and grown.
So they put one of these contaminants in it
and just injected a group of
experimental animals with it.
Nothing happened to the animals.
They were perfectly healthy,
they watched them for a long period of time.
Then they took another group of animals
and injected a different non-pathogenic,
non-disease causing organism into those animals.
They were fine too.
Then they took a third group of animals
and they combined those two non-pathogenic organisms
that they had individually injected
into these two groups.
They combined them and they injected it
into the third group.
Every animal died.
And this is what they're doing with the vaccines?
They're putting all of these different vaccinations
with all of these different non-pathogenic
contaminants in there.
And they are going to be lethal.
You see, people say, "Well, my family got vaccinated
"and we're fine, so then there's no problem."
Well if everybody died with the vaccinations,
nobody would get, nobody would take them.
So naturally they're not going to give you something,
just like with chemotherapy.
Not everybody dies.
That doesn't mean it's good for you.
Not everybody dies at an early age
when they eat very badly.
But some people do.
Some children get leukemia from the way
that they're eating and various other things.
But just because not everybody dies
doesn't mean it's good for you.
You can give people small doses of arsenic
for a very long period of time
and they may not die.
Even Houdini.
Houdini tood a very large dose of arsenic
but lined his stomach with a huge amount of charcoal before.
And charcoal is a toxin-remover and it
took care of the arsenic.
I'm not suggesting anybody try this.
Right.
(both laugh)
But that's the way he did it.
But just because not everybody dies
from a particular disease doesn't mean
that the treatment that's given is good.
We have to use some common sense.
And vaccinations are a huge boon
to the greedy pharmaceutical companies.
They do not work.
The way you keep from getting a disease
is to feed and water and take care
of your immune system the proper way.
Because it's the immune system that will get you well.
And if you're eating and living the wrong way
and you destroy that,
and then you take vaccinations on top of it,
this is a perfect killer for the human race.
But to go to public school they require it.
If you're an immigrant--
You can get waivers.
Can you on immigration as well?
Well I don't know.
But the thing is, you probably can get
waivers for immigration.
You can get waivers for going to school.
It's not just public, it's other schools too that require it.
Yes, that's true, private schools as well.
But you can get waivers.
And you can get it for religious reasons,
you can get it for various other reasons.
And if you go to the, I think I have
in my workbook "Getting Started on Getting Well,"
I have a section on vaccinations and in there,
in the reference section, it's where you can go
to get information on waivers in your state.
And so, again, that workbook that goes with my videos
is called "Getting Started on Getting Well."
And if anyone wants to go to my website,
that's www.drday.com.
That's drday.com with small letters.
That's where that information about the workbook,
the videos and all that is available.
So this is
going into some pretty deep water now,
but why the control?
Why the need for reducing the population?
Who are the people that are subjecting
the rest of the people to this?
They are the elitist, and I can say probably
as briefly as possible, they're mainly the owners
of the mult-national corporations and the elitist bankers.
A group that's called the Illuminati,
which is a secret organization.
It has various sub-groups of that organization
that many people have never heard of.
The Trilateral Commission,
the Club of Rome, the Bilderbergers.
Some have heard of the Council of Foreign Relations.
This is a group of very high-level,
generally rich people who have decided
that the average person is not capable
of running his own life.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, who is now governor of California,
has apparently said publicly that 85% or more
of the people in the world have to have
somebody else run their life for them.
And so this is the feeling of the elitists,
the elitist bankers or the Rothschilds, the Warburtons,
the CoonLobes, the big Wall Street financiers.
And the people who run the multi-national corporations.
You will see that as we have more and more mergers.
Twenty years ago we had many mergers of banks.
We have much fewer banks than we used to have.
In the 70s and early 80s we had mergers
of the newspapers.
In San Francisco used to have five newspapers,
now they have really one.
They have the Examiner and Chronicle,
but they're both from the same outfit.
So this--
Tearing down our
sources of information.
That's right, and it's control.
To give you an idea,
I walked into a radio station a number of years ago
to do an interview.
I said, "What is this?"
'Cause it was a fax machine that was running continuously.
He said, "That's like the old ticker tape."
He said, "Everything that comes in here
"comes from either UPI or Associated Press or Reuters.
"And it all is managed
"and they tell us to rewrite it
"so it won't all sound the same."
I was doing news at that time
and that is correct.
That's right.
And then they say, "But all the news is the same."
And I did a little experiment when I was
doing a lot of travelling I would sometimes
change planes several times.
And I would get a newspaper on the same day.
Virtually all the news on the front page
and on the front few pages was the same.
It had just been locally rewritten by the people there
so people wouldn't realize that it was managed.
All of the news on cancer that is put out
on any of the major wires
has to be reviewed by the people at
Memorial Stone Kettering Hospital in New York.
And so naturally they are going to control
the information that comes out.
The American Cancer Society was established
by one of the Rockefellers.
And at the time it was established,
it was established, he said,
to control the information that people learned about cancer
and to encourage them to go to their doctor.
That is the plan.
Interesting.
The National Cancer Institute,
so it was started by Rockefeller and his buddies.
These are the same elitists, the Rockefellers are involved
in this same sort of thing.
And so the elitists
want to control your health.
They don't want you to know
that you can control your health.
So there are, I have a lot of enemies.
I have been banned from many, many
radio shows and television shows because
the pharmaceutical companies are very strong.
You can't get any of the information like this
into the medical journals because
the pharmaceutical companies
will just pull their ads.
And there are more pages in a medical journal
of high-priced, full color pharmaceutical ads
than there is of medical information.
And so if they pull their ads there will be no journal.
It's the same on
the classic news stations, cable television
unless you go some place like Link TV.
That's right.
And so when they have these huge ads
and you can't turn on the television set for one hour
without seeing high-priced drug ads.
And now they're going directly to the public, you know.
This is probably what you need, go tell your doctor
this is what you need.
And that was really all started by
the pharmaceutical companies who are, again,
owned and controlled by the same elitist group.
And people say, "Well, are you into conspiracies?"
Well I just want to ask the person viewing this.
If you work in an office with more than five people,
is there somebody who wants your job?
Is there somebody who wants your office?
Or do you want somebody else's office?
Everything is a conspiracy.
Everybody wants something that somebody else has.
That's the way, unfortunately, life is.
The bigger the stakes, the more people want it.
When you have all the money you can have
then you want control.
How much better to be in control of the whole human race?
People think communism is dead, it's not.
It's alive and well in our country.
All 10 planks of the Communist Manifesto
have been introduced into our government.
Rockefeller has said that
competition is a sin.
Well, people think that he's a capitalist.
But what the capitalists want is that,
they want to only deal with the heads
of the various governments.
And the only way you can do that
is to have them be communists
where everything is planned in a central agency
and then you just deal with them.
And so the ones who profess to be capitalists
want to eliminate all competition.
That's why you're seeing all these mergers
to get all of the department stores,
the banks and everything else, the car companies,
into the hands of what is called the Committee of 300.
But what happened
to anti-trust laws, for example?
Well again, Congress does not run the corporations.
The corporations run Congress.
The FDA does not oversee the pharmaceutical companies
which they were meant to do.
Pharmaceutical companies have so much money
that they bribe and infiltrate the FDA.
There's a revolving door between
the Federal Drug Administration
and the pharmaceutical companies.
Pharmaceutical executives or sub-executives
go to work for the FDA until they get their drug approved,
then they go back to working
for their pharmaceutical company.
Kevin Trudeau blows the whistle on this one
in his new book,
"Natural Cures that They Don't Want You to Know About."
That's correct, unfortunately Kevin Trudeau
doesn't quite know the extent of natural cures either,
but certainly it's a step in the right direction.
He does understand what's happening in the drug industry
and I pointed that out, actually, almost 10 years ago
in my videos and on my video
"Cancer Doesn't Scare Me Anymore."
The National Cancer Institute, which is
part of the government National Institutes of Health,
I point out on my video "Cancer Doesn't Scare me Anymore,"
where I discuss many of the things I'm discussing now.
If you go to their website, I don't know
if it's still that way today,
but I proved that it was a couple of years ago anyway.
They have two sides to their website.
One is for medical professionals, doctors and nurses.
And they use a lot of medical terminology.
And the other one is for the lay people.
On the side for the lay people
they do not tell you that abortion
will increase your risk of breast cancer.
On the side for the medical industry,
they will admit that having an abortion
increases dramatically your incidence
of developing breast cancer.
Now, interestingly, they say why does that happen?
Well, when a woman becomes pregnant,
hormones are produced in her body
that are meant to take the breast cells
to milk-producing cells.
Early on in that stage while it's doing that,
the breast cells are very unstable.
When a woman has an abortion,
those breast cells remain unstable.
Hmm, I've never heard this.
That's right, they remain unstable
and it causes a vast increase
in her risk of breast cancer.
They did studies on animals and found out,
all the animals were pregnant in the two groups.
In one they aborted the animals.
And they gave all of the animals
a breast-cancer-inducing drug.
And so when they gave all the animals this,
they were developing breast cancer.
They aborted one group and left the other go to term.
The incidence in the group that went to term
was 5% breast cancer.
In the group that was aborted,
the incidence was 77% breast cancer.
All right, geez Lorraine, thank you.
Thank you for all of this.
We have only a minute or so left.
In brief, we need to come full circle on this
and how we unplug.
How an everyday person unplugs from the system.
Well the way they do it is by information.
Like the information that I'm giving you now
and go to my website at www.drday.com.
There's more information on how to be well.
Anyone can take charge of their health.
They don't have to bow at the knee to the white coats.
We were meant to heal.
Our bodies were meant to heal.
As you get more and more information
you will have more and more confidence
about how to take care fo your body
and how to stay well.
Every mother wants to raise her children
so they will be healthy.
You can do it.
But if you don't do it, you may be responsible
for helping put your child in the grave
at an early age with leukemia or something else.
What a tragedy that would be.
So I just say realize that information
gives you power.
And you do not have to rely on the
medical-industrial complex
or vaccinations which don't work anyway.
Thank you.
If you find these subjects interesting,
you will likely also enjoy our interviews
with Dr. Burton Goldberg, who also shares
inside knowledge of what's out there
by way of alternative healing technologies
as well as some of the inside politics.
Until next time, thanks for watching.